I am the owner of the God-given shop of the Temple of the Mansion
Does anyone disagree?
You are really such a
I don't believe in the devil
As the messenger of the temple
You actually have a rebellious heart
I will kill you today
How many identities does Ye Tiansi hide from me?
Tell me now
How many identities do I have?
What does it have to do with you?
You immediately
Roll as far as you can with me
Ye Tiansi, I am in your heart
Is it so unbearable?
More than unbearable
It just makes me sick
I know you.
Know what it means to be alone like a snake and scorpion
That wasn't my intention.
I still feel sorry for Mengmeng
Enough, don't be fooled by him
What bullshit frustration what heartless
Fucking fart
What do you mean?
It's not about pulling out the building dragon.
Is that the owner of the temple?
No.
The temple has announced the return of the owner
The six commanders and soldiers meet the temple owner
I saw it too.
The temple announces the return of the shopkeeper
And hold a grand Dragon Return Banquet 3 days later
So the owner is not you.